oh okay so wait what we do but do I have
to I already have a suit on I don't
really wanna buy and buy myself a
piercing then it's does the I'll just
get some diamond studs gotta be purple
match the Saints ok we can exit ok so
what the hell holy crap we're gonna shot
it at a street cleaner holy crap the
hell hell is that thing ok sweet
launcher the hell is I came here come
here come here nothing can you go ahead
I'll wait they stick them
holy crap ok didn't go with what I
wanted oh god I like Dodge Oh barely
made that um this would be a good time
to have a predator missle bullet too bad
i don't-- Oh didn't I was not prepared
for that ok I'm happy he's taking all
the damage 20 jump out of the week trip
with him yeah oh my god how do i dodge I
want to do that role dodge thing i was
doing are there there we go ok yeah yeah
I like this yeah uh oh god okay yeah I'm
gonna die feeling yeah I'm gonna die ok
run run run run run yeah I can see how
you missed huh run away run away run
away Oh God crap I have an idea ah I'm
gonna go backwards into oh my god he
just looked at me up ok not what I had
in mind hit a haha i missed you Oh
okay you just yeah that's amazing yo get
out of my all god ok I give me one of
those cutscene things so that I can kill
him before I die myself okay i'm gonna
die my fellows myself probably will have
a shotgun I do I'm sure okay don't want
to die don't want to die don't want that
don't wanna die don't want to die don't
want to die i'm going to death going to
ok going know what ok it's a really cool
car ok he he he is owning us Lucy yet
where you go ok there we go here we go
here we go here we go ok i'm still
getting hurt I don't like that at all
okay since it's time to tip on out of
here I'm leaving revive my old god I
revive him how do oh my god oh my god
i'm on fire I'm on fire what are I'm
sorry I'm gonna die ok this is not going
the way I planned ok into the car
forward don't care about the civilian
back I just revived my homie really
talking about I'm reviving you oh you
have to hold it ok that's why I'll cool
use them as a shield I didn't know I
could do that get raped get raped KITT
rage ok don't want you here anymore
I'm leaving you goodbye get out of here
where's my guy yet he's dead in my car I
could go the hell is he all right
whatever I'm leaving what Sodom okay
can't I can't abandon you're kidding me
I don't know where he is telling me to
go that way but I need to go back to get
him all there is is reviving look look
get over here homie oh we get in all
right let's go let's go let's go let's
go let's go let's go let's go let's go
let's try to dodge the sniper aiming at
our gas tank haha ok car in our way ok
not that ok this is not best idea so far
this is this is a really nice mission
surprised i have not died yet I'm okay
car is on fire that is not going to do
well I'm jumping out ok running and ok
running running running running that
would be the best time for something
amazing to happen ah yo car yeah yeah
get over here oh my god okay right here
here we go shut your nuts I'm sorry bro
get in get in get in homie no no oh god
damn it all right you're getting raped
in the face let's get in the car Oh me
get in thank you let's go God I swear
really need to learn these controls so i
might go and play some side missions
around and hopefully get better at this
game and then they probably get some
sleep I don't know okay cops I don't
have the time for you right now trying
to get so I can end this mission
upstairs we go and we're done hooray
okay that was a new type of mission to
do see we got some money get some more
respectable three now and we're doing
good think you guys so much for watching
if you liked this video please leave a
thumbs up and right guys I'll see you
guys next time p so